Add queryable_columns shape allow-list (#4531)
electric-sql/electric: website/docs/sync/guides/auth.md

| Parameter | Where | Security Consideration |
|-----------|-------|------------------------|
| `table` | URL | **Must be set server-side.** Letting clients specify the table allows access to any table. |

> | `columns` | URL | Optional sync projection. If clients can choose it, use `queryable_columns` to restrict which columns they can sync. |

Author: Maybe remove `columns` from this table as it's not a security consideration

> | `queryable_columns` | URL | **Should be set server-side.** This is the column allow-list for WHERE clauses, subset filters, ordering, and synced projections. |

Author: put `columns` first

> | `queryable_columns` | URL | **Should be set server-side.** Column allow-list for WHERE clauses, subset filters, ordering, and synced projections. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `queryable_columns` | URL | **Must be set server-side if the table has sensitive columns.** Column allow-list for WHERE clauses, subset filters, ordering, and synced projections. |
```

> | `columns` | URL | Optional sync projection. If clients can choose it, `queryable_columns` must also be set server-side so clients cannot sync columns outside the allow-list. |

Author: why?

| `order_by` | POST body | Sorting for pagination |

:::tip Key Principle

> Your proxy is an **authorization layer** that controls the **shape definition** (table, queryable columns, main WHERE). Clients can freely use subset parameters to filter and paginate within that shape — Electric ensures they can only narrow results and can only reference queryable columns.

Author: never escape the main WHERE clause AND can only reference queryable columns
